I'm going to be eating in like 40
minutes which I could not be happier
about this isn't us at impact Theory
being in a bubble there is a whole world
of hyper successful entrepreneurs for
whom it's not enough to have made a ton
of cash they really want to do
[Music]
something I am now about to Embark upon
the David gogin inspired fast it's
Friday right now so the fast starts
Sunday night 700 p.m. Pacific Standard
but I am going to go ketogenic before
that happens the ketogenic diet is a
ultra high fat low protein virtually no
carbohydrate diet the reason that I'm
doing that is when you click over into
ketosis your body is burning fat as its
primary fuel source the reason I want to
do that is because I don't want there to
be cognitive decline during my fast I
don't want it to impact my work all
right what is up everybody um I am
kicking things off with my transition
over to keto so I'm sure that some
people think that I'm crazy for wanting
to do a fast and what I want to get out
of it is really twofold one as a part of
the summer ready it challenge uh it'll
just help kick off getting lean two I
actually want to do something that is
painful I want to do something that in
induces suffering and that's why I
wanted to do it around the David gogin
episode of impact Theory his ability to
suffer is is amazing and he really
understands that suffering forces you to
look at yourself I think it's important
for people to do things that are deeply
uncomfortable and in those moments you
really got check yourself and find out
where you're
at I am going to be taking my Ketone
levels so I'm not expecting to have um
ketones present in my bloodstream yet
cuz it normally takes a bit of time once
you really go keto and suppress your
calories yeah so 0.1 is basically zero
blood levels are how you know that I'm
not really just saying I'm fasting and
secretly off eating in a corner if I can
get that up over 05 I'll be considered
to be officially in ketosis and then my
goal will be to get it over
one what are we aiming for anything over
two is acceptable secretly I'm hoping to
hit three by Meal Time tonight okay
2.9 what is there it is you're going to
have to mentally manage yourself in
order to get through a three-day fast
you're going to want to eat and you're
going to want to eat a lot and
frequently and the only way to get to
the end of the fast without breaking
your fast is to find a way mentally to
deal with it and I think the most
powerful way to deal with suffering is
to make friends with it to welcome the
pain literally like an old friend and in
doing that you realize that you can
transcend the urges of the body that's
how you begin to build mental discipline
people are always looking for ways to
toughen up but those ways are right in
front of you they just require you to
put yourself through something and not a
lot of people can do that but when you
do that you really do Show Yourself who
you
are like I'm ordering my food in 3 and a
half minutes so that it is here and
waiting when 7 o' rolls
around yes I will be chewing at exactly
p.m. Fat Burger fat burger and we're
going to put some pepperoni on it maybe
some olives do a nice pizza burger it's
going to be delicious I have my wife to
thank for that wonderful idea which
since she gave it to me now I've been
starving cuz I'm so looking forward to
it but we are exactly 4 5 minutes away
I'm going to be eating in like 40
minutes which I could not be happier
about it's actually been a little
tortous yeah finish because I know what
I'm going to eat and I'm actually really
looking forward to it so it was easier
until I had that in my head and then
probably starting at about hour five it
was pretty like all right 5 hours 4
hours 3 hours we actually had a bunch of
people um join the fast with us which
was pretty cool and then we had uh
several people that didn't quite make it
across the Finish Line I have nothing
but compassion and empathy for them it
is hard and if you're going to endure
suffering you've got to have some
compelling reason to do it then it
becomes a lot easier to stick with all
right 30 minutes and Counting because
I've done this kind of thing before it's
not so much that I'm learning something
new about myself I certainly did the
first time that I really started doing
suffering but you're forcing yourself to
do it you're forcing yourself to keep
those muscles strong because otherwise
like anything they will atrophy so for
me it's just really going through the
exercise of doing it of doing the thing
that sucks of showing myself again and
again and again that I'm capable of it I
can eat now at any point setting a goal
and sticking to it no matter what no
matter what complications no matter how
much pain man that feels good so I am
going to go enjoy this delicious meal
with that beautiful woman right there
and it is going to be amazing because I
was willing to suffer to prove something
to myself so my friends go out and
suffer and until next time be legendary
take
care let's go woman let's
eat you're literally not going to grab
your food
[Music]